Replaces databases, blog URLs and removes lgtm (#718)
github/securitylab: SecurityExploits/apple/darwin-xnu/packet_mangler_CVE-2017-13904/README.md

Update: Apple's fix for the infinite loop bug was incomplete. The fix for CVE-2018-4460 was released on December 5, 2018.

> For details on how to compile and run this exploit, see the [blog post](https://github.blog/category/security/CVE-2018-4249-apple-xnu-packet-mangler/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to compile and run this exploit, see the [blog post](https://securitylab.github.com/research/CVE-2018-4249-apple-xnu-packet-mangler/).
```
